orchestrator-ui architecture doc (#650)
workfloworchestrator/orchestrator-core: docs/architecture/orchestration/orchestrator-ui.md

# Workflow Orchestrator UI

> The default workflow orchestrator ui app should offer sufficient functionality to start working and experiencing the workflow orchestrator without any customisation. For this an [example-orchestrator-ui](https://github.com/workfloworchestrator/example-orchestrator-ui) is available to start working with a running workflow orchestrator backend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default workflow orchestrator ui app should offer sufficient functionality to start working with and experiencing the workflow orchestrator. For this an [example-orchestrator-ui](https://github.com/workfloworchestrator/example-orchestrator-ui) is available to start working with a running workflow orchestrator backend. 
```

> At the same time yhe UI is developed with the concept in mind that any user of the workflow orchestrator can customize the ui to meet their own requirements. There are two possible ways to accomplish this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time the UI is developed with the concept in mind that any user of the workflow orchestrator can customize the ui to meet their own requirements. There are two possible ways to accomplish this:
```

- Overriding components
- Using components from the npm ui library

## Overriding components
The first solution is based on using the orchestrator-ui library in its full extend and just add/tweak components. Examples of this approach would be: 
- render certain resource type differently then the npm normally does
- add menu items to the naviation
- add summary cards to the dashboard page

> An example of a custom orchestrator-ui is shown below, which shows custom summary card and additional meu items compared to the standard orchestrator-ui as available from the demo-orchestrator-ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a custom orchestrator-ui is shown below, which shows a custom summary card and additional menu items compared to the standard orchestrator-ui
```
